_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update about page content: added more details on personal experience and contact information.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Data Scientist | MS in Data Science @ Rutgers

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false
  more_info: >
    <p>New Brunswick, NJ, 08901</p>
    <p>(765) 428-0917</p>
    <p><a href="mailto:isshangyi.lin@gmail.com">isshangyi.lin@gmail.com</a></p>
    <p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com">LinkedIn</a></p>
---

# **SHANG-YI LIN**
Data Scientist | Logistic Data Analytics Intern @ [Awesung Tech](https://www.awesung.com/)

Hi, I'm **Shang-Yi Lin**. In the complex world of data, I strive to find the shortest path to insight. Currently, I'm a Logistic Data Analytics Intern at [Awesung Tech](https://www.awesung.com/) and a second-year MSDS student at Rutgers University, maintaining a **GPA of 3.9**.

I have 2 years of professional experience. In Taiwan, I worked as a Data Analyst at Taiwan CDC, where I built **ML-driven healthcare solutions** to optimize influenza vaccine usage prediction. I also developed **ETL automation tools and monitoring systems**, significantly reducing communication overhead and report generation time.

At Rutgers, I participated in the **Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) Data Challenge**, where I designed a fine-tuned Llama 3.2 workflow to normalize internal data, ultimately winning the competition.

Beyond data science, I'm passionate about sports and hiking. I am also a member of the [Rutgers Meditation Club](https://www.instagram.com/rumeditationclub/?hl=en), always seeking my own focus and peace.

Reach out to me on [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/shang-yi-lin-728725262) or check out my projects on [GitHub](https://github.com/joe8606).

Looking forward to our paths crossing,

Shang-Yi
